# wtfcomp
Web Tools For comp

WTFcomp stands for Web Tools For comp, computer science, that is. If you are like me, an average student in computer science, the phrase WTF may be a common one for you. It seemed fitting to name this site with, arguably, the most common phrase among all cs studnets. <br><br>Essentially WTFcomp is a compiled list of online tools that I have used throughout my entire degree for assignments and/or projects.<br><br>Eventually, it will be composed entirely of mini web apps, persay, for you to utilize locally on this website (rather than linking to multiple other websites). However, if I cannot recreate a tool, it will be left in the resources section.<br></br>Aside, this will also contain small tutorials explained in a simple and understandable manner, so that you do not have to search all over the internet to find them. 


Throughout my degree and personal projects, I have always needed to go to multiple websites for online tools and explanations to piece together whatever I am working on.<br><br>I suspect there are others like me, being an average student.<br><br>So I got pissed off and decided to create this website so future cs students didn't have to share this same pain with me and others alike.<br><br>Additionally, I was unable to find a single site that didn't mention "chegg.com" as a online tool for cs students. Leading me to believe there is a lack of websites that compile a generalized version of online cs tools and that also understand what an online cs tool actually means / stands for:<br><br>Free,<br>Simple Input / Output format, and an<br>Understandable User Interface
